Constellation 0.3.0
-------------------

Early on, I avoided trying to over-think convenience actions and wait for feedback, or until I developed my own sense of the workflows. I've accumulated a better sense of this by using Constellation daily for nearly 7 years now, though I rarely have time to make improvements as I notice them.

This release focuses on some of these workflow improvements. Nothing flashy--just saving some steps here and there.

- Initially, "Create" and "Add" actions did not "Open" the constellation or project they targeted, and remove/destroy options did not close them. 
    - In my experience, "opening" is almost always the next-step after creating a constellation or adding a project to it, so these actions *should* now uniformly open constellation or project.
    - Unchanged: Removing a project from a constellation will close neither.
    - Destroying a constellation will now "mark" it closed first--but it will not actually close the projects or workspaces it contains. This:
        - solves a small bug where destroying an open constellation would leave its item orphaned in the open-constellation menu
        - creates a little extra work if you are destroying the constellation because you're done with a project - saves time re-finding/opening projects in scenarios like destroying a constellation in order to split it up into smaller parts


- Add a number of "Create from ..." commands (from open project, from project file, from workspace file) that trim steps out of creating simple constellations by just making a constellation with the same name as the project/workspace. These are in the "Create" sub-menu.

- Condensed the main menu a bit:
    - I moved the "Open a constellation" and "Close a constellation" items from a separator-delimited section of the menu into the top "Open Constellations" section.
        - The "Open a constellation" now shows up as "+ open ..." at the end of the list of currently-open constellations.
        - Instead of using a separate "Close a constellation" item, you can now just click an open constellation to close it.
    - I folded the existing add-a-project items into an "Add" sub-menu to match how "Create" is handled


